# CosmosGovV1beta1QueryProposalResponseProposal

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**proposal_id** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**content** | **dict(str, object)** | &#x60;Any&#x60; contains an arbitrary serialized protocol buffer message along with a URL that describes the type of the serialized message.  Protobuf library provides support to pack/unpack Any values in the form of utility functions or additional generated methods of the Any type.  Example 1: Pack and unpack a message in C++.      Foo foo &#x3D; ...;     Any any;     any.PackFrom(foo);     ...     if (any.UnpackTo(&amp;foo)) {       ...     }  Example 2: Pack and unpack a message in Java.      Foo foo &#x3D; ...;     Any any &#x3D; Any.pack(foo);     ...     if (any.is(Foo.class)) {       foo &#x3D; any.unpack(Foo.class);     }   Example 3: Pack and unpack a message in Python.      foo &#x3D; Foo(...)     any &#x3D; Any()     any.Pack(foo)     ...     if any.Is(Foo.DESCRIPTOR):       any.Unpack(foo)       ...   Example 4: Pack and unpack a message in Go       foo :&#x3D; &amp;pb.Foo{...}      any, err :&#x3D; anypb.New(foo)      if err !&#x3D; nil {        ...      }      ...      foo :&#x3D; &amp;pb.Foo{}      if err :&#x3D; any.UnmarshalTo(foo); err !&#x3D; nil {        ...      }  The pack methods provided by protobuf library will by default use &#x27;type.googleapis.com/full.type.name&#x27; as the type URL and the unpack methods only use the fully qualified type name after the last &#x27;/&#x27; in the type URL, for example \&quot;foo.bar.com/x/y.z\&quot; will yield type name \&quot;y.z\&quot;.   JSON &#x3D;&#x3D;&#x3D;&#x3D; The JSON representation of an &#x60;Any&#x60; value uses the regular representation of the deserialized, embedded message, with an additional field &#x60;@type&#x60; which contains the type URL. Example:      package google.profile;     message Person {       string first_name &#x3D; 1;       string last_name &#x3D; 2;     }      {       \&quot;@type\&quot;: \&quot;type.googleapis.com/google.profile.Person\&quot;,       \&quot;firstName\&quot;: &lt;string&gt;,       \&quot;lastName\&quot;: &lt;string&gt;     }  If the embedded message type is well-known and has a custom JSON representation, that representation will be embedded adding a field &#x60;value&#x60; which holds the custom JSON in addition to the &#x60;@type&#x60; field. Example (for message [google.protobuf.Duration][]):      {       \&quot;@type\&quot;: \&quot;type.googleapis.com/google.protobuf.Duration\&quot;,       \&quot;value\&quot;: \&quot;1.212s\&quot;     } | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | ProposalStatus enumerates the valid statuses of a proposal.   - PROPOSAL_STATUS_UNSPECIFIED: PROPOSAL_STATUS_UNSPECIFIED defines the default proposal status.  - PROPOSAL_STATUS_DEPOSIT_PERIOD: PROPOSAL_STATUS_DEPOSIT_PERIOD defines a proposal status during the deposit period.  - PROPOSAL_STATUS_VOTING_PERIOD: PROPOSAL_STATUS_VOTING_PERIOD defines a proposal status during the voting period.  - PROPOSAL_STATUS_PASSED: PROPOSAL_STATUS_PASSED defines a proposal status of a proposal that has passed.  - PROPOSAL_STATUS_REJECTED: PROPOSAL_STATUS_REJECTED defines a proposal status of a proposal that has been rejected.  - PROPOSAL_STATUS_FAILED: PROPOSAL_STATUS_FAILED defines a proposal status of a proposal that has failed. | [optional] [default to 'PROPOSAL_STATUS_UNSPECIFIED']
**final_tally_result** | [**CosmosGovV1beta1ProposalFinalTallyResult**](CosmosGovV1beta1ProposalFinalTallyResult.md) |  | [optional] 
**submit_time** | **datetime** |  | [optional] 
**deposit_end_time** | **datetime** |  | [optional] 
**total_deposit** | [**list[CosmosBankV1beta1InputCoins]**](CosmosBankV1beta1InputCoins.md) |  | [optional] 
**voting_start_time** | **datetime** |  | [optional] 
**voting_end_time** | **datetime** |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

